welcome back to another installation of
what's in the box today we're going to
take a look at the new team axe from
Traxxas alright just save a little time
I'm taking everything out of the box as
you can see you have the 2.4 gigahertz
radio 7.2 volt battery a nice toolkit
with instruction manual everything else
is in here including your chargers and
all the spare parts that come with it
steel bottle from Trax's and of course
the truck alright here we have the new
2.4 gigahertz radio system from Traxxas
it has a 20 model memory it will
automatically recognize 20 of the 2.4
gigahertz receivers it also has a Expo
adjustments on it and it has a easy to
button programming system another key
feature of it is it only takes four
double A batteries alright here we have
the 7.2 volt battery that comes with it
for the easy start system alright we're
going to dig a little deeper and go
inside the accessories bag now first
you'll see the new T max air filter
comes pre oil from Traxxas we also have
extra ones here at the shop if you need
them next you'll find the tool bag nicer
assortment of tools here to work on your
car whenever you need to mm-hmm
then you'll see some extra parts shock
parts and whatnot also included we have
the Traxxas fuel bottle very nice design
the trash is easy start wand for the
easy start system a globe plug
and some body pins alright next you have
the Traxxas training DVD a very nice DVD
has lots of good information in it track
just did a real nice job with that next
we have the easy start battery charger
from Traxxas it's a plug in the wall
charger it takes about four and a half
to eight hours to charge the simple 1500
milliamp battery it's nice of them to
include it however we recommend a ac/dc
charger that will quick charge a battery
in about an hour
alright well there you have a look at
the tracks this Tmax 3.3 ready to run
it's great for backyard bashing or
heading out to the track with all your
friends it comes very complete but you
will need a gallon of fuel and a
double-a batteries I'm Rob Sperling
thanks for watching another episode of
what's in the box from power RC hobbies